wip (#93)
NixOS/rfcs: process/0093-rfc-categories.md

- Informational RFCs
  - Start a talk, meetup, or social networking account that will be expected to officially “represent nix”
  - Document design issues, deciding to never implement a feature
  - Proposing an experiment
  - Recording a proof-generated insight   
- Process RFCs
  - Change the RFC process, the organization of the issue tracker or the support forum
  - Changes to community workflows or other community infrastructure
  - Amend the Code of Conduct        
- Feature RFCs
  - Anything that is currently covered by the RFC process and does not better fit into
    any of the other two categories.

This RFC is accompanied by commits that implement it. Please refer to them for the detailed
design.

# Examples and Interactions
[examples-and-interactions]: #examples-and-interactions

The relevant examples and interactions are already exposed in the motivation section.
The detailed design does not require further exemplification, since it is intended to be
an authors personal best judgment without significant backlash on the categorization
that drives the categorization, not a specific set of criteria. I don't think its 

> feasible to develop such fixed set of creteria herin in a meaningful way.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
feasible to develop such fixed set of criteria herein in a meaningful way.
```

# Unresolved questions
[unresolved]: #unresolved-questions

At the point of initiating this RFC, the detailed changes to the template are not yet known.
They will be complemented at any suitable point before reaching FCP.

# Future work
[future]: #future-work

With the additional metadata proposed herein present in RFCs, we might start to find it useful
to present different RFC categories in different contexts.

One such example can be to render
_Process RFCs_ within the governance section of the Discourse forum.

Another example might be to formally frame the discussion differently according to the RFC category.
Since we can't know yet, I'm not proposing any of this in here.

Once we have some experiences with those categories, we might also decide to:

- differentiate categories, add more
- differentiate processes for different categories, for example, for a Process RFC that modifies
   workflows, we could adopt a different workflow:
  1. Create a Process RFC
  1. Initial Comment Period
  1. Implement Prototype, request infrastructure for prototype
  1. Generate data & insights from Prototype and record them in the RFC

>   1. Proceed to Final COmment Period

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  1. Proceed to Final Comment Period
```
